Add `breeze ci upgrade` command to automate CI infrastructure upgrade (#57958)
mistercrunch/Airflow: dev/breeze/doc/08_ci_tasks.rst

.. image:: ./images/output_ci.svg
  :target: https://raw.githubusercontent.com/apache/airflow/main/dev/breeze/images/output_ci.svg
  :width: 100%
  :alt: Breeze ci com

Running ci upgrade
------------------

Airflow maintainers can use the ``breeze ci upgrade`` command to perform automated upgrades of important

> CI dependencies. This command updates pre-commit hooks, chart dependencies, and other critical CI environment

Reviewer: ```suggestion
CI dependencies. This command updates prekhooks, chart dependencies, and other critical CI environment
```

Author: Yeah :)

components. It can automatically create a pull request with the changes.

The command checks if you are on the correct branch (main or a version test branch like v2-10-test) with a
clean repository. If not, it will offer to reset your repository to the latest state from apache/airflow.

> You can optionally provide a Slack webhook URL to receive notifications when a PR is created.

Reviewer: This doesn't work as of yet right? Can we add [Future] there to avoid confusion?

Author: Correct. I had that hook in (vibe-coded), bu t I removed it (apparently not everywhere), because I want the `breeze ci upgrade` as easy as possible so that you do not have to provide any token or URL, and we definitely do not want to add our hook here. I have not yet worked out what is the easy way to do it - possibly such notitfication should be something different (small workflow-run workflow?) - but passing or even configuring the webhook locally by maintainer who would like to create the PR is basically "no-go".
